DCube for Google App Engine
===========================

DCube is a high level distributed data store that uses the principles of a
directed descriptive graph in a similar way to the Resource Description
Framework [(RDF)][1]. This software is a prototype implementation used to
explore the possibilities of such a data store built upon open web protocols,
architecture, and technologies like like HTTP and JSON, drawing influence from
[Representational State Transfer][2], RDF, the semantic web, and the related
concepts.

### This DCube host is implemented in Python on Google App Engine service platform.

### DCube is sponsored by [The Fireworks Project](http://www.fireworksproject.com).

### The project manager would like to hear from you:
  - [@kixxauth](http://twitter.com/kixxauth)
  - There will be a blog post with comments before long
  - Drop me a note on GitHub with the messaging system

License
-------
Licensed under The MIT License:

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009 Fireworks Technology Projects Inc.
[www.fireworksproject.com](http://www.fireworksproject.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

  [1]:http://www.w3.org/RDF/
  [2]:http://www.ics.uci.edu/~fielding/pubs/dissertation/rest_arch_style.htm
